Update: Mar 18, 2024 @ 11:13pm
==============================

- Bugfix: Malware civic infiltration ops work again
- Bugfix: Leader builder now resets number of leaders selected for assembly, when you press reset button in the UI
- Bugfix: Virtual Reality Server decision is no longer an option on Virtual Reality Server worlds
- Bugfix: Self-Replicating Microbot deposits are now properly cleared on worlds where pops don't have that trait. every_deposit trigger has problems with custom deposit types it seems.
- GUI: Fix blurry icon for Spirit Energy Theory
- Bugfix & Balance: Bio-Mechanical AP had a dependency on a 3.9 tech, "Xenostudies", which is no longer in the game because it boosts base researcher output. I created replacement techs ("Xenostudies Fundamentals" and "Advanced Xenostudies") with custom art. The advanced one (T2) is the actual req for that AP replacing tech_society_2. The techs reduce organic food upkeep and reduce species project cost, to help aspiring Bio Robot empires. In one playtest they appeared in my research options around early midgame. Please give your feedback about this change.
- Bugfix & Balance: Requirement for Spirit Energy Theory tech used to be tied to tech_physics_2 which was a 3.9 tech that boosted base research output. It's no longer in the game. I have swapped in tech_hyper_drive_2 as its replacement requirement which seems the closest in terms of roleplaying / thematic selection. Also, Spirit Energy Theory now gives +30% Field Manipulation research speed up from 20% to compensate for losing base researcher boost. Please give feedback about this change.

- New tech to replace tech_society_1 and 2

Xenostudies Fundamentals
- Colony development speed +10%
- pops food upkeep: -5%

Advanced Xenostudies
- Modify species cost: -10%
- pops food upkeep: -5%