Mod Compatibility with version 3.12 and The Machine Age!
========================================================

Update: May 24, 2024 @ 11:32am


This version will not be backwards compatible with previous versions of Stellaris, because of changes to portraits, habitability, and other things.

Change log:

- Bio Robot: Fixed portraits for Bio Robot species
- Bio Robot: Added habitability traits to new Bio Robot species based on founder species
- Bio Robot: Tweak Sentient AI policy for Machine empires after modifying founder species to Mechanical, so the founder species does not get demoted from full citizenship to partial
- Mechanical Heritage origin gets mechanical world habitability trait on start
- Synthetic origin gets habitability traits on start
- Regenerated all the custom GUIs and traits for leader builder, ruler modifying, and councilor editors, so traits will be up to date
- Planet Cracker origin has been renamed to Orbital Cracker so as not to be confused with the colossus
- Orbital Crackers are no longer allowed on gas giants, shrouded worlds, or shielded worlds. There are updates to tooltips to explain these.
- MAMP: Fix projects not linking to each other in 3.12
- MAMP: Fix species being auto-assimilated on creation, because of 3.12 rules; new MAMP pops will be set to Machine Integration.
- MAMP: Add habitability traits when the species is created
- Added a habitability trait for all Auto-Machine world classes, with flavor text updates

The Machine Age updates:

- Synthetic Ascended and Mechanical Heritage origins have been updated. They were triggering situations related to another synthetic ascension and that wasn't correct. Also removed the Synthetic Tradition tree for those two origins, because in TMA, starting that tradition tree triggers the whole situation for ascending, which is redundant because these two origins start off with a Mechanical species. So to make up for that, these two origins start with the completion bonus from that tradition tree.
- Flavor text updates for these two origins, also flavor text update for mechanical species

Behind the scenes

- Some much needed updates to the python scripts that generate all the GUI stuff.. players won't see this but it does consume development time
- Press ESC in the mod control menu will exit properly

Known issues:
- Merchant Machines trading ship is exhibiting strange behavior and the deposits are not being calculated correctly. I will fix this in the next update.