Mod version 2.4.3, Update: Mar 18 @ 8:25pm
==========================================

Bug fixes:

- Fixed CPU/SER/ECU world project deleting valid deposits (errata, synthetic ascension, etc)
- Product Fabricator building will not be destroyed if planet is traded/captured
- Hybrid Cloning jobs output is fully added to monthly Bio Cloning (for Bio Robots). Additionally 25% of pop assembly output will go to boosting Bio Mech Cloning speeds, and +3 of what should be the base growth factor is also applied. I expanded the tooltip on the planet modifier so you can see the numbers.
- World Machine districts don't disappear if you have taken the AP and then completed Mind Separation
- Removed volcano/mountain/etc blocker tech from World Machine Proficiency tech requirements
- Fix missing desc for auto nano cauldron
- Fix Dyson deflector module not buildable
- Fix cooling district balance event not finishing properly after the Cooling Tower decision ends. Because of stale modifier values when removing excess cooling.. basically a bug that we can't know the changed value of a modifier in the same effect chain that changes it.. so I wrote a counting and calculation system by hand to workaround this game engine bug. Or rather, "game engine feature"
- Fix Errata Recombinator not producing minor artifacts. It will now on World Machines that were formerly Relic Worlds. Also the build time has been fixed.
- Remove a bug where the cooling mod would be added to the auto-Ringworld
- Fix Auto-FPGA building (programmable cpu world building) cutting output from 60 to 30, it won't do that any more. Also fixed a bug where there was no output if there was no appropriate designation, so districts will only change their output when the right designation is active.
- Councilor Node Editor GUI has been fixed to properly scope to the country-specific councilor node, and not use a global target that any country can use

Balance:

- Scaled down district output on Auto-Forge, Auto-CPU, and Auto-Server to reflect district base output matching 6x the job base. The current numbers were from before Stellaris 3.9 and were XVCV's numbers. While they were great numbers, they weren't based on a scaling system, and I (Retro) am trying to work within systems. Considering that auto-Machine World districts mimic regular planets which have 2 jobs per district, the Forge/CPU/Server will represent output of 6 jobs per district, and Auto-Ringworlds have been scaled to have 12x job output per district (which is higher than vanilla's 10x jobs, but I am giving it a slight boost for various reasons).

New World Machine things:

- Added terraforming links to Auto-Server/CPU/Forge for uncolonized worlds
- Ruined World Machine near homeworld will be size 28
- If you are using a tall empire playstyle you may not be able to complete the event chain where clearing blockers is required as you have run out of things to clear. Now there is the option to finish the event chain early and continue progress by finishing researching the tech. (Thank you Rikk!)

New feature:

- Convert Ringworld segments into support segments which boost the district capacity of existing Ringworlds. (Thanks Rikk for brainstorming & implementing this idea :D)