Stellars 3.14 Update, Update: May 10 @ 8:58pm
=============================================

New things:

- Delegate traits, Astral Planes, Grand Archive leader traits have been added to the Leader Builder GUI
- Protect against traits being clickable but not actually add-able in the Councilor Node Editor. There are no triggers available in the base game to check whether a trait can be added to a leader; the only feedback we get is if the trait shows on the leader after running the effect to add it. So, I built a set of Python scripts to look at leader traits and automatically generate a trigger check for each one to make sure the trait can be added to the councilor. Otherwise, you could click on a trait, and lose trait points but have no trait added, and no way to get the points back.
- A few traits in the Leader Builder GUI will not be usable by gestalt Machine empire leaders. I am not going to remove them from the GUI as it was a massive amount of work to get everything generated in the first place. There are only a couple of these so it should not be a widespread issue.
- General improvements to the Leader Builder GUI, for example, finding more Machine-specific alternate trait names and descriptions.
- World Machine Core is shown in the top bar, but I have not yet added compatibility with other mods, so it may get overwritten by Universal Resource Patch, for example

Bug fixes:

- Add missing colony automations for World Machines
- Use resource_revenue_compare to evaluate T3 World targets, so now the targets for the specialized World Machines are based on total production, not just the surplus
- Fix Auto-Stabilizer building having negative mote upkeep (thus granting free motes) as well as having no build cost
- Improve tracking of WMC numbers (produced, remaining, max)
- Auto-Forge alloys district was producing too many alloys because it was getting free alloys that were supposed to be limited to catalytic empires only

Translation update

- Updated Chinese localisation text - Thank you KruKaL and Doves Localisation Group
- Updated Korean localisation text - Thank you Horangye