
######################################
# AUTOGENERATED on 2025-03-17 22:02:38.946288                #
######################################


#official #leader_trait_adaptable_2 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_adaptable_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_adaptable_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_adaptable_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_agrarian_upbringing_2 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_agrarian_upbringing_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_agrarian_upbringing_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_agrarian_upbringing_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_architectural_interest_2 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_architectural_interest_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_architectural_interest_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_architectural_interest_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_bureaucrat_2 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_bureaucrat_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_bureaucrat_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_bureaucrat_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_capitalist_2 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_capitalist_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_capitalist_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_capitalist_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_entrepreneur_2 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_entrepreneur_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_entrepreneur_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_entrepreneur_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_environmental_engineer_2 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_environmental_engineer_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_environmental_engineer_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_environmental_engineer_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_gifted_2 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_gifted_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_gifted_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_gifted_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_homesteader_2 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_homesteader_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_homesteader_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_homesteader_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_intellectual 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_intellectual_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_intellectual }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_intellectual }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_private_mines_2 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_private_mines_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_private_mines_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_private_mines_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_resilient_2 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_resilient_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_resilient_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_resilient_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_righteous_2 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_righteous_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_righteous_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_righteous_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_scrapper_2 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_scrapper_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_scrapper_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_scrapper_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_trade_focus_2 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_trade_focus_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_trade_focus_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_trade_focus_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_venerated_2 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_venerated_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_venerated_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_venerated_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_adventurous_spirit_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_adventurous_spirit_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_adventurous_spirit_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_adventurous_spirit_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_ambassador_favor_maker_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_ambassador_favor_maker_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_ambassador_favor_maker_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_diplomacy_councilor }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_ambassador_favor_maker_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_assembler_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_assembler_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_assembler_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_governor }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_assembler_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_distribution_lines_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_distribution_lines_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_distribution_lines_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_governor }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_distribution_lines_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_federal_greeter_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_federal_greeter_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_federal_greeter_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_delegate }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_federal_greeter_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_federal_joint_navy_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_federal_joint_navy_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_federal_joint_navy_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_delegate }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_federal_joint_navy_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_federal_negotiator_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_federal_negotiator_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_federal_negotiator_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_delegate }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_federal_negotiator_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_federal_sweet_talker_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_federal_sweet_talker_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_federal_sweet_talker_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_delegate }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_federal_sweet_talker_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_forge_focus_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_forge_focus_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_forge_focus_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_forge_focus_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_industrial_focus_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_industrial_focus_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_industrial_focus_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_industrial_focus_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_manufacturer_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_manufacturer_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_manufacturer_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_governor }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_manufacturer_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_naturalist_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_naturalist_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_naturalist_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_governor }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_naturalist_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_pop_focused_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_pop_focused_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_pop_focused_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_governor }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_pop_focused_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_refinement_focus_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_refinement_focus_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_refinement_focus_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_refinement_focus_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_resolution_category_bureaucraticsurveillance_focus_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_resolution_category_bureaucraticsurveillance_focus_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_resolution_category_bureaucraticsurveillance_focus_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_delegate }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_resolution_category_bureaucraticsurveillance_focus_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_resolution_category_commerce_focus_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_resolution_category_commerce_focus_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_resolution_category_commerce_focus_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_delegate }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_resolution_category_commerce_focus_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_resolution_category_defenseprivatization_focus_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_resolution_category_defenseprivatization_focus_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_resolution_category_defenseprivatization_focus_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_delegate }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_resolution_category_defenseprivatization_focus_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_resolution_category_divinity_focus_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_resolution_category_divinity_focus_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_resolution_category_divinity_focus_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_delegate }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_resolution_category_divinity_focus_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_resolution_category_ecology_focus_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_resolution_category_ecology_focus_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_resolution_category_ecology_focus_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_delegate }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_resolution_category_ecology_focus_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_resolution_category_galacticreforms_focus_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_resolution_category_galacticreforms_focus_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_resolution_category_galacticreforms_focus_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_delegate }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_resolution_category_galacticreforms_focus_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_resolution_category_galacticstudies_focus_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_resolution_category_galacticstudies_focus_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_resolution_category_galacticstudies_focus_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_delegate }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_resolution_category_galacticstudies_focus_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_resolution_category_greatergood_focus_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_resolution_category_greatergood_focus_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_resolution_category_greatergood_focus_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_delegate }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_resolution_category_greatergood_focus_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_resolution_category_industry_focus_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_resolution_category_industry_focus_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_resolution_category_industry_focus_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_delegate }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_resolution_category_industry_focus_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_resolution_category_intergalacticdirective_focus_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_resolution_category_intergalacticdirective_focus_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_resolution_category_intergalacticdirective_focus_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_delegate }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_resolution_category_intergalacticdirective_focus_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_resolution_category_mutualdefense_focus_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_resolution_category_mutualdefense_focus_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_resolution_category_mutualdefense_focus_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_delegate }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_resolution_category_mutualdefense_focus_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_resolution_category_politics_traditions_focus_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_resolution_category_politics_traditions_focus_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_resolution_category_politics_traditions_focus_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_delegate }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_resolution_category_politics_traditions_focus_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_resolution_category_pre_ftl_stances_focus_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_resolution_category_pre_ftl_stances_focus_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_resolution_category_pre_ftl_stances_focus_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_delegate }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_resolution_category_pre_ftl_stances_focus_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_resolution_category_rulesofwar_focus_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_resolution_category_rulesofwar_focus_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_resolution_category_rulesofwar_focus_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_delegate }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_resolution_category_rulesofwar_focus_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_resolution_category_sanctions_focus_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_resolution_category_sanctions_focus_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_resolution_category_sanctions_focus_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_delegate }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_resolution_category_sanctions_focus_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_settler_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_settler_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_settler_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_governor }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_settler_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_space_miner_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_space_miner_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_space_miner_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_space_miner_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_diplo_weight #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_diplo_weight_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_diplo_weight }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_delegate }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_diplo_weight }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_2_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_efficient #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_efficient_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_efficient }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_governor }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_efficient }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_2_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_galvanizer #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_galvanizer_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_galvanizer }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_governor }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_galvanizer }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_2_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_mediator #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_mediator_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_mediator }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_mediator }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_2_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_supporting_voter #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_supporting_voter_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_supporting_voter }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_delegate }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_supporting_voter }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_2_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_urbanist #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_urbanist_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_urbanist }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_governor }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_urbanist }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_2_effect = yes }
    }
}


#official #leader_trait_utopian_idealist #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_official_leader_trait_utopian_idealist_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_utopian_idealist }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_governor }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_official_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_utopian_idealist }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_2_effect = yes }
    }
}
