
######################################
# AUTOGENERATED on 2025-07-20 00:22:54.900776                #
######################################


#commander #leader_trait_adaptable 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_adaptable_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_adaptable }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_adaptable }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_aggressive 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_aggressive_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_aggressive }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_aggressive }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_agrarian_upbringing 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_agrarian_upbringing_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_agrarian_upbringing }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_agrarian_upbringing }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_bureaucrat 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_bureaucrat_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_bureaucrat }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_bureaucrat }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_butcher 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_butcher_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_butcher }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_butcher }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_capitalist_2 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_capitalist_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_capitalist_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_capitalist_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_cautious 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_cautious_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_cautious }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_cautious }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_eager 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_eager_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_eager }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_eager }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_engineer 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_engineer_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_engineer }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_engineer }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_enlister 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_enlister_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_enlister }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_enlister }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_entrepreneur_2 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_entrepreneur_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_entrepreneur_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_entrepreneur_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_environmental_engineer 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_environmental_engineer_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_environmental_engineer }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_environmental_engineer }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_fleet_logistician 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_fleet_logistician_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_fleet_logistician }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_fleet_logistician }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_gifted_2 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_gifted_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_gifted_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_gifted_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_homesteader_2 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_homesteader_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_homesteader_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_homesteader_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_iron_fist_2 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_iron_fist_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_iron_fist_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_iron_fist_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_private_mines_2 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_private_mines_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_private_mines_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_private_mines_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_resilient 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_resilient_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_resilient }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_resilient }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_restrained 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_restrained_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_restrained }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_restrained }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_righteous_2 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_righteous_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_righteous_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_righteous_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_scrapper_2 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_scrapper_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_scrapper_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_scrapper_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_trickster 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_trickster_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_trickster }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_trickster }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_unyielding 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_unyielding_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_unyielding }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_unyielding }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_venerated_2 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_venerated_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_venerated_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_venerated_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_void_hunter_2 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_void_hunter_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_void_hunter_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
        has_grand_archive_dlc = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_void_hunter_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_adventurous_spirit_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_adventurous_spirit_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_adventurous_spirit_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_adventurous_spirit_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_annihilator_2 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_annihilator_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_annihilator_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = subclass_commander_general }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_annihilator_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_archaeo_specialization_2 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_archaeo_specialization_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_archaeo_specialization_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_archaeo_specialization_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_artillerist_2 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_artillerist_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_artillerist_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = subclass_commander_admiral }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_artillerist_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_artillery_specialization_2 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_artillery_specialization_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_artillery_specialization_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = subclass_commander_admiral }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
        has_technology = OR
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_artillery_specialization_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_carrier_specialization_2 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_carrier_specialization_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_carrier_specialization_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = subclass_commander_admiral }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
        has_technology = tech_strike_craft_1
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_carrier_specialization_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_commanding_presence_2 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_commanding_presence_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_commanding_presence_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = subclass_commander_admiral }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_commanding_presence_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_conscripter_2 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_conscripter_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_conscripter_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = subclass_commander_governor }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_conscripter_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_corsair_2 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_corsair_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_corsair_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = subclass_commander_admiral }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_corsair_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_crusader_2 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_crusader_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_crusader_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = subclass_commander_general }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_crusader_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_demolisher_2 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_demolisher_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_demolisher_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = subclass_commander_general }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_demolisher_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_dreaded_2 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_dreaded_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_dreaded_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = subclass_commander_general }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_dreaded_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_energy_weapon_specialist #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_energy_weapon_specialist_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_energy_weapon_specialist }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
        has_astral_planes_dlc = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_energy_weapon_specialist }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_farming_focus_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_farming_focus_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_farming_focus_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_farming_focus_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_generator_focus_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_generator_focus_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_generator_focus_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_generator_focus_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_gunship_specialization_2 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_gunship_specialization_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_gunship_specialization_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = subclass_commander_admiral }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_gunship_specialization_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_hardy_2 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_hardy_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_hardy_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = subclass_commander_general }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_hardy_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_heavy_hitter_2 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_heavy_hitter_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_heavy_hitter_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_heavy_hitter_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_interrogator_2 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_interrogator_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_interrogator_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = subclass_commander_general }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_interrogator_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_juryrigger_2 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_juryrigger_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_juryrigger_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = subclass_commander_admiral }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_juryrigger_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_martinet_2 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_martinet_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_martinet_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = subclass_commander_governor }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_martinet_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_mining_focus_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_mining_focus_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_mining_focus_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_mining_focus_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_observant_2 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_observant_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_observant_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_observant_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_reinforcer_2 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_reinforcer_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_reinforcer_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = subclass_commander_governor }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_reinforcer_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_rocketry_specialization_2 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_rocketry_specialization_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_rocketry_specialization_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = subclass_commander_admiral }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
        has_technology = tech_missiles_1
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_rocketry_specialization_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_scout_2 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_scout_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_scout_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_scout_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_shipbreaker_2 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_shipbreaker_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_shipbreaker_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_shipbreaker_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_space_miner_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_space_miner_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_space_miner_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_space_miner_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_surgical_bombardment_2 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_surgical_bombardment_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_surgical_bombardment_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = subclass_commander_general }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_surgical_bombardment_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_tactical_algorithms #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_tactical_algorithms_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_tactical_algorithms }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_tactical_algorithms }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_warden_2 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_warden_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_warden_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_warden_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_wrecker_2 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_wrecker_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_wrecker_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = subclass_commander_admiral }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_wrecker_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_arbiter #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_arbiter_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_arbiter }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = subclass_commander_governor }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_arbiter }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_2_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_bellicose #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_bellicose_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_bellicose }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = subclass_commander_councilor }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_bellicose }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_2_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_chainbreaker #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_chainbreaker_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_chainbreaker }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = subclass_commander_general }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_chainbreaker }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_2_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_destiny_engineer #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_destiny_engineer_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_destiny_engineer }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = subclass_commander_admiral }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_destiny_engineer }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_2_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_fortress_cracker #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_fortress_cracker_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_fortress_cracker }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = subclass_commander_general }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_fortress_cracker }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_2_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_guerilla_tactics #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_guerilla_tactics_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_guerilla_tactics }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = subclass_commander_admiral }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_guerilla_tactics }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_2_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_honored_warmaster #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_honored_warmaster_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_honored_warmaster }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = subclass_commander_governor }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_honored_warmaster }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_2_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_master_gunner #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_master_gunner_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_master_gunner }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = subclass_commander_admiral }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_master_gunner }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_2_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_mediator #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_mediator_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_mediator }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_mediator }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_2_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_pirate_queen #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_pirate_queen_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_pirate_queen }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = subclass_commander_admiral }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
        has_grand_archive_dlc = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_pirate_queen }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_2_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_supreme_warrior #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_supreme_warrior_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_supreme_warrior }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = subclass_commander_general }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_supreme_warrior }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_2_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_surveyor #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_surveyor_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_surveyor }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_surveyor }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_2_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_survivalist #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_survivalist_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_survivalist }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = subclass_commander_admiral }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_survivalist }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_2_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_taskmaster #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_taskmaster_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_taskmaster }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = subclass_commander_governor }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_taskmaster }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_2_effect = yes }
    }
}


#commander #leader_trait_trophy_hunter #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_commander_leader_trait_trophy_hunter_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_trophy_hunter }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = subclass_commander_admiral }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_commander_trigger = yes
        has_grand_archive_dlc = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_trophy_hunter }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_2_effect = yes }
    }
}
