
######################################
# AUTOGENERATED on 2025-07-20 00:22:54.900776                #
######################################


#leader_trait_adaptable #common trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_adaptable_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_adaptable } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_commander_leader_trait_adaptable
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_adaptable }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_common = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_adaptable_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_adaptable }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_commander_leader_trait_adaptable
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_adaptable }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_common = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_buccaneer_3 #common trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_buccaneer_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_buccaneer_3 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_commander_leader_trait_buccaneer_3
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
        has_grand_archive_dlc = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = leader_trait_buccaneer }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_buccaneer_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_common = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_buccaneer_3_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_buccaneer_3 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_commander_leader_trait_buccaneer_3
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_buccaneer_3 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_common = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_defence_engineer #common trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_defence_engineer_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_defence_engineer } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_commander_leader_trait_defence_engineer
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_defence_engineer }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_common = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_defence_engineer_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_defence_engineer }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_commander_leader_trait_defence_engineer
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_defence_engineer }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_common = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_eager #common trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_eager_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_eager } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_commander_leader_trait_eager
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_eager }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_common = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_eager_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_eager }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_commander_leader_trait_eager
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_eager }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_common = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_fleet_organizer_2 #common trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_fleet_organizer_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_fleet_organizer_2 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_commander_leader_trait_fleet_organizer_2
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = leader_trait_fleet_organizer }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_fleet_organizer_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_common = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_fleet_organizer_2_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_fleet_organizer_2 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_commander_leader_trait_fleet_organizer_2
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_fleet_organizer_2 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_common = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_politician #common trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_politician_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_politician } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_commander_leader_trait_politician
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_politician }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_common = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_politician_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_politician }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_commander_leader_trait_politician
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_politician }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_common = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_resilient #common trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_resilient_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_resilient } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_commander_leader_trait_resilient
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_resilient }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_common = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_resilient_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_resilient }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_commander_leader_trait_resilient
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_resilient }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_common = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_skirmisher #common trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_skirmisher_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_skirmisher } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_commander_leader_trait_skirmisher
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_skirmisher }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_common = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_skirmisher_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_skirmisher }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_commander_leader_trait_skirmisher
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_skirmisher }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_common = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_trailblazer_3 #common trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_trailblazer_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_trailblazer_3 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_commander_leader_trait_trailblazer_3
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
        has_grand_archive_dlc = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = leader_trait_trailblazer }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_trailblazer_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_common = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_trailblazer_3_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_trailblazer_3 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_commander_leader_trait_trailblazer_3
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_trailblazer_3 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_common = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_treasure_hoarder_3 #common trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_treasure_hoarder_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_treasure_hoarder_3 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_commander_leader_trait_treasure_hoarder_3
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
        has_grand_archive_dlc = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = leader_trait_treasure_hoarder }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_treasure_hoarder_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_common = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_treasure_hoarder_3_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_treasure_hoarder_3 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_commander_leader_trait_treasure_hoarder_3
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_treasure_hoarder_3 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_common = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_armada_logistician_2 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_armada_logistician_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_armada_logistician_2 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_commander_leader_trait_armada_logistician_2
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_veteran_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = leader_trait_armada_logistician }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_armada_logistician_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_veteran = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_armada_logistician_2_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_armada_logistician_2 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_commander_leader_trait_armada_logistician_2
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_armada_logistician_2 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_veteran = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_border_guard_2 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_border_guard_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_border_guard_2 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_commander_leader_trait_border_guard_2
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_requires_ruler_subclass_or_focus_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = subclass_commander_councilor }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_veteran_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = leader_trait_border_guard }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_border_guard_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_veteran = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_border_guard_2_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_border_guard_2 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_commander_leader_trait_border_guard_2
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_border_guard_2 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_veteran = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_crew_trainer_2 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_crew_trainer_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_crew_trainer_2 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_commander_leader_trait_crew_trainer_2
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_requires_ruler_subclass_or_focus_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = subclass_commander_councilor }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_veteran_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = leader_trait_crew_trainer }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_crew_trainer_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_veteran = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_crew_trainer_2_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_crew_trainer_2 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_commander_leader_trait_crew_trainer_2
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_crew_trainer_2 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_veteran = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_gale_speed_2 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_gale_speed_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_gale_speed_2 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_commander_leader_trait_gale_speed_2
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_veteran_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = leader_trait_gale_speed }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_gale_speed_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_veteran = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_gale_speed_2_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_gale_speed_2 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_commander_leader_trait_gale_speed_2
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_gale_speed_2 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_veteran = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_guardian_2 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_guardian_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_guardian_2 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_commander_leader_trait_guardian_2
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_requires_ruler_subclass_or_focus_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = subclass_commander_councilor }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_veteran_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = leader_trait_guardian }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_guardian_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_veteran = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_guardian_2_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_guardian_2 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_commander_leader_trait_guardian_2
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_guardian_2 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_veteran = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_home_guard_2 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_home_guard_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_home_guard_2 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_commander_leader_trait_home_guard_2
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_requires_ruler_subclass_or_focus_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = subclass_commander_councilor }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_veteran_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = leader_trait_home_guard }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_home_guard_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_veteran = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_home_guard_2_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_home_guard_2 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_commander_leader_trait_home_guard_2
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_home_guard_2 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_veteran = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_intimidator_2 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_intimidator_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_intimidator_2 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_commander_leader_trait_intimidator_2
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_requires_ruler_subclass_or_focus_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = subclass_commander_councilor }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_veteran_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = leader_trait_intimidator }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_intimidator_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_veteran = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_intimidator_2_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_intimidator_2 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_commander_leader_trait_intimidator_2
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_intimidator_2 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_veteran = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_armorer #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_armorer_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_armorer } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_commander_leader_trait_armorer
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_requires_ruler_subclass_or_focus_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = subclass_commander_councilor }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_paragon = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_paragon = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_paragon_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_armorer }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_paragon = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_armorer_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_armorer }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_commander_leader_trait_armorer
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_armorer }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_paragon = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_aturion_organizer #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_aturion_organizer_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_aturion_organizer } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_commander_leader_trait_aturion_organizer
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_paragon = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_paragon = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_paragon_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_aturion_organizer }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_paragon = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_aturion_organizer_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_aturion_organizer }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_commander_leader_trait_aturion_organizer
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_aturion_organizer }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_paragon = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_bellicose #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_bellicose_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_bellicose } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_commander_leader_trait_bellicose
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_requires_ruler_subclass_or_focus_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = subclass_commander_councilor }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_paragon = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_paragon = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_paragon_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_bellicose }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_paragon = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_bellicose_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_bellicose }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_commander_leader_trait_bellicose
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_bellicose }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_paragon = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_educator #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_educator_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_educator } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_commander_leader_trait_educator
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_paragon = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_paragon = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_paragon_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_educator }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_paragon = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_educator_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_educator }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_commander_leader_trait_educator
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_educator }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_paragon = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_master_bureaucrat #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_master_bureaucrat_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_master_bureaucrat } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_commander_leader_trait_master_bureaucrat
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_paragon = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_paragon = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_paragon_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_master_bureaucrat }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_paragon = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_master_bureaucrat_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_master_bureaucrat }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_commander_leader_trait_master_bureaucrat
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_master_bureaucrat }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_paragon = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_maven_of_war #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_maven_of_war_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_maven_of_war } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_commander_leader_trait_maven_of_war
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_requires_ruler_subclass_or_focus_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = subclass_commander_councilor }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_paragon = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_paragon = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_paragon_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_maven_of_war }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_paragon = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_maven_of_war_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_maven_of_war }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_commander_leader_trait_maven_of_war
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_maven_of_war }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_paragon = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_military_overseer #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_military_overseer_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_military_overseer } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_commander_leader_trait_military_overseer
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_requires_ruler_subclass_or_focus_trigger = { CLASS = commander ID = subclass_commander_councilor }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_paragon = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_paragon = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_paragon_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_military_overseer }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_paragon = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_military_overseer_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_military_overseer }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_commander_leader_trait_military_overseer
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_military_overseer }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_paragon = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_peacekeeper #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_peacekeeper_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_peacekeeper } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_commander_leader_trait_peacekeeper
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_paragon = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_paragon = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_paragon_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = commander ID = leader_trait_peacekeeper }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_paragon = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_commander_leader_trait_peacekeeper_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_peacekeeper }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_commander_leader_trait_peacekeeper
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_peacekeeper }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_paragon = yes
        }
    }
}
