
######################################
# AUTOGENERATED on 2025-07-20 00:22:54.900776                #
######################################


#scientist #leader_trait_adaptable 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_adaptable_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_adaptable }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_adaptable }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#scientist #leader_trait_agrarian_upbringing 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_agrarian_upbringing_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_agrarian_upbringing }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_agrarian_upbringing }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#scientist #leader_trait_archaeologist_2 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_archaeologist_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_archaeologist_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_archaeologist_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#scientist #leader_trait_architectural_interest 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_architectural_interest_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_architectural_interest }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_architectural_interest }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#scientist #leader_trait_bureaucrat 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_bureaucrat_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_bureaucrat }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_bureaucrat }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#scientist #leader_trait_capitalist_2 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_capitalist_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_capitalist_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_capitalist_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#scientist #leader_trait_carefree_2 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_carefree_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_carefree_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_carefree_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#scientist #leader_trait_custom_AI_assistant 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_custom_AI_assistant_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_custom_AI_assistant }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
        has_technology = tech_self_aware_logic
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_custom_AI_assistant }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#scientist #leader_trait_eager 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_eager_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_eager }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_eager }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#scientist #leader_trait_entrepreneur_2 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_entrepreneur_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_entrepreneur_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_entrepreneur_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#scientist #leader_trait_environmental_engineer 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_environmental_engineer_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_environmental_engineer }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_environmental_engineer }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#scientist #leader_trait_gifted_2 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_gifted_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_gifted_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_gifted_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#scientist #leader_trait_homesteader_2 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_homesteader_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_homesteader_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_homesteader_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#scientist #leader_trait_meticulous_2 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_meticulous_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_meticulous_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_meticulous_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#scientist #leader_trait_private_mines_2 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_private_mines_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_private_mines_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_private_mines_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#scientist #leader_trait_resilient 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_resilient_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_resilient }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_resilient }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#scientist #leader_trait_roamer_2 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_roamer_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_roamer_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_roamer_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#scientist #leader_trait_sapient_AI_assistant 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_sapient_AI_assistant_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_sapient_AI_assistant }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
        has_technology = tech_sapient_ai
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_sapient_AI_assistant }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#scientist #leader_trait_scrapper_2 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_scrapper_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_scrapper_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_scrapper_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#scientist #leader_trait_venerated_2 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_venerated_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_venerated_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_venerated_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#scientist #leader_trait_void_tracker_2 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_void_tracker_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_void_tracker_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
        has_grand_archive_dlc = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_void_tracker_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#scientist #leader_trait_academic_astral_rift_expert_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_academic_astral_rift_expert_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_academic_astral_rift_expert_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
        has_astral_planes_dlc = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_academic_astral_rift_expert_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#scientist #leader_trait_academic_dig_site_expert_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_academic_dig_site_expert_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_academic_dig_site_expert_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_academic_dig_site_expert_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#scientist #leader_trait_academic_minor_artifacts_expert_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_academic_minor_artifacts_expert_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_academic_minor_artifacts_expert_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_academic_minor_artifacts_expert_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#scientist #leader_trait_adventurous_spirit_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_adventurous_spirit_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_adventurous_spirit_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_adventurous_spirit_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#scientist #leader_trait_assembler_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_assembler_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_assembler_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_assembler_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#scientist #leader_trait_collaborator_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_collaborator_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_collaborator_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = subclass_scientist_governor }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_collaborator_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#scientist #leader_trait_engineering_focus_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_engineering_focus_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_engineering_focus_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = subclass_scientist_governor }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_engineering_focus_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#scientist #leader_trait_explorer_cloaking_focus_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_explorer_cloaking_focus_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_explorer_cloaking_focus_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = subclass_scientist_explorer }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
        has_technology = tech_cloaking_1
        has_first_contact_dlc = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_explorer_cloaking_focus_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#scientist #leader_trait_manufacturer_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_manufacturer_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_manufacturer_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_manufacturer_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#scientist #leader_trait_naturalist_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_naturalist_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_naturalist_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_naturalist_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#scientist #leader_trait_observant_2 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_observant_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_observant_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_observant_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#scientist #leader_trait_physics_focus_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_physics_focus_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_physics_focus_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = subclass_scientist_governor }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_physics_focus_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#scientist #leader_trait_prospector_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_prospector_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_prospector_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = subclass_scientist_explorer }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_prospector_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#scientist #leader_trait_salvager_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_salvager_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_salvager_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = subclass_scientist_scholar }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_salvager_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#scientist #leader_trait_scout_2 
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_scout_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_scout_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_scout_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_effect = yes }
    }
}


#scientist #leader_trait_slippery_2 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_slippery_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_slippery_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = subclass_scientist_explorer }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_slippery_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#scientist #leader_trait_society_focus_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_society_focus_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_society_focus_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = subclass_scientist_governor }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_society_focus_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#scientist #leader_trait_space_miner_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_space_miner_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_space_miner_3 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_space_miner_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#scientist #leader_trait_tuner_2 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_tuner_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_tuner_2 }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = subclass_scientist_explorer }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_tuner_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_effect = yes }
    }
}


#scientist #leader_trait_collective_wisdom #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_collective_wisdom_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_collective_wisdom }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_collective_wisdom }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_2_effect = yes }
    }
}


#scientist #leader_trait_frontier_adventurer #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_frontier_adventurer_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_frontier_adventurer }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = subclass_scientist_explorer }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_frontier_adventurer }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_2_effect = yes }
    }
}


#scientist #leader_trait_gifted_trapper #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_gifted_trapper_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_gifted_trapper }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = subclass_scientist_explorer }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
        has_grand_archive_dlc = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_gifted_trapper }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_2_effect = yes }
    }
}


#scientist #leader_trait_mediator #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_mediator_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_mediator }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_mediator }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_2_effect = yes }
    }
}


#scientist #leader_trait_midas_touch #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_midas_touch_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_midas_touch }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = subclass_scientist_scholar }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_midas_touch }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_2_effect = yes }
    }
}


#scientist #leader_trait_surveyor #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_surveyor_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_surveyor }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_surveyor }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_2_effect = yes }
    }
}


#scientist #leader_trait_truth_seeker #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_truth_seeker_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_truth_seeker }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = subclass_scientist_governor }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_truth_seeker }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_2_effect = yes }
    }
}


#scientist #leader_trait_xeno_cataloger #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_scientist_leader_trait_xeno_cataloger_add_button_effect = {
    potential = { always = yes }
    allow = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_xeno_cataloger }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_requires_leader_subclass_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = subclass_scientist_explorer }
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_cost_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_points_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_skill_level_alt_2_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_max_number_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_picked_class_scientist_trigger = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_pick_effect = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_xeno_cataloger }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_leader_making_trait_count_points_costs_alt_2_effect = yes }
    }
}
