
######################################
# AUTOGENERATED on 2025-03-17 22:02:38.946288                #
######################################


#leader_trait_army_veteran_2 #common trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_scientist_leader_trait_army_veteran_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_army_veteran_2 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_scientist_leader_trait_army_veteran_2
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = leader_trait_army_veteran }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_army_veteran_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_common = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_scientist_leader_trait_army_veteran_2_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_army_veteran_2 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_scientist_leader_trait_army_veteran_2
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_army_veteran_2 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_common = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_politician_2 #common trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_scientist_leader_trait_politician_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_politician_2 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_scientist_leader_trait_politician_2
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = leader_trait_politician }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_politician_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_common = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_scientist_leader_trait_politician_2_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_politician_2 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_scientist_leader_trait_politician_2
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_politician_2 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_common = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_retired_fleet_officer_2 #common trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_scientist_leader_trait_retired_fleet_officer_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_retired_fleet_officer_2 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_scientist_leader_trait_retired_fleet_officer_2
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = leader_trait_retired_fleet_officer }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_retired_fleet_officer_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_common = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_scientist_leader_trait_retired_fleet_officer_2_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_retired_fleet_officer_2 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_scientist_leader_trait_retired_fleet_officer_2
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_retired_fleet_officer_2 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_common = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_spark_of_genius_2 #common trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_scientist_leader_trait_spark_of_genius_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_spark_of_genius_2 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_scientist_leader_trait_spark_of_genius_2
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = leader_trait_spark_of_genius }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_spark_of_genius_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_common = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_scientist_leader_trait_spark_of_genius_2_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_spark_of_genius_2 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_scientist_leader_trait_spark_of_genius_2
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_spark_of_genius_2 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_common = yes
        }
    }
}


#trait_ruler_champion_of_the_people_2 #common trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_scientist_trait_ruler_champion_of_the_people_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = trait_ruler_champion_of_the_people_2 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_scientist_trait_ruler_champion_of_the_people_2
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = trait_ruler_champion_of_the_people }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = scientist ID = trait_ruler_champion_of_the_people_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_common = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_scientist_trait_ruler_champion_of_the_people_2_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = trait_ruler_champion_of_the_people_2 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_scientist_trait_ruler_champion_of_the_people_2
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = trait_ruler_champion_of_the_people_2 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_common = yes
        }
    }
}


#trait_ruler_charismatic_2 #common trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_scientist_trait_ruler_charismatic_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = trait_ruler_charismatic_2 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_scientist_trait_ruler_charismatic_2
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = trait_ruler_charismatic }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = scientist ID = trait_ruler_charismatic_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_common = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_scientist_trait_ruler_charismatic_2_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = trait_ruler_charismatic_2 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_scientist_trait_ruler_charismatic_2
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = trait_ruler_charismatic_2 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_common = yes
        }
    }
}


#trait_ruler_feedback_loop_2 #common trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_scientist_trait_ruler_feedback_loop_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = trait_ruler_feedback_loop_2 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_scientist_trait_ruler_feedback_loop_2
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = trait_ruler_feedback_loop }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = scientist ID = trait_ruler_feedback_loop_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_common = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_scientist_trait_ruler_feedback_loop_2_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = trait_ruler_feedback_loop_2 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_scientist_trait_ruler_feedback_loop_2
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = trait_ruler_feedback_loop_2 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_common = yes
        }
    }
}


#trait_ruler_home_in_the_sky #common trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_scientist_trait_ruler_home_in_the_sky_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = trait_ruler_home_in_the_sky } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_scientist_trait_ruler_home_in_the_sky
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = scientist ID = trait_ruler_home_in_the_sky }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_common = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_scientist_trait_ruler_home_in_the_sky_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = trait_ruler_home_in_the_sky }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_scientist_trait_ruler_home_in_the_sky
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = trait_ruler_home_in_the_sky }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_common = yes
        }
    }
}


#trait_ruler_industrialist_2 #common trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_scientist_trait_ruler_industrialist_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = trait_ruler_industrialist_2 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_scientist_trait_ruler_industrialist_2
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = trait_ruler_industrialist }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = scientist ID = trait_ruler_industrialist_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_common = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_scientist_trait_ruler_industrialist_2_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = trait_ruler_industrialist_2 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_scientist_trait_ruler_industrialist_2
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = trait_ruler_industrialist_2 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_common = yes
        }
    }
}


#trait_ruler_logistic_understanding_2 #common trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_scientist_trait_ruler_logistic_understanding_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = trait_ruler_logistic_understanding_2 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_scientist_trait_ruler_logistic_understanding_2
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = trait_ruler_logistic_understanding }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = scientist ID = trait_ruler_logistic_understanding_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_common = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_scientist_trait_ruler_logistic_understanding_2_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = trait_ruler_logistic_understanding_2 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_scientist_trait_ruler_logistic_understanding_2
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = trait_ruler_logistic_understanding_2 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_common = yes
        }
    }
}


#trait_ruler_space_miner #common trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_scientist_trait_ruler_space_miner_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = trait_ruler_space_miner } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_scientist_trait_ruler_space_miner
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = scientist ID = trait_ruler_space_miner }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_common = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_scientist_trait_ruler_space_miner_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = trait_ruler_space_miner }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_scientist_trait_ruler_space_miner
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = trait_ruler_space_miner }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_common = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_cartographer_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_scientist_leader_trait_cartographer_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_cartographer_3 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_scientist_leader_trait_cartographer_3
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_requires_ruler_subclass_or_focus_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = subclass_scientist_councilor }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_veteran_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = leader_trait_cartographer }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_cartographer_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_veteran = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_scientist_leader_trait_cartographer_3_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_cartographer_3 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_scientist_leader_trait_cartographer_3
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_cartographer_3 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_veteran = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_inquisitive_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_scientist_leader_trait_inquisitive_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_inquisitive_3 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_scientist_leader_trait_inquisitive_3
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_requires_ruler_subclass_or_focus_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = subclass_scientist_councilor }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_veteran_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = leader_trait_inquisitive }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_inquisitive_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_veteran = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_scientist_leader_trait_inquisitive_3_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_inquisitive_3 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_scientist_leader_trait_inquisitive_3
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_inquisitive_3 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_veteran = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_maniacal_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_scientist_leader_trait_maniacal_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_maniacal_3 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_scientist_leader_trait_maniacal_3
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_requires_ruler_subclass_or_focus_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = subclass_scientist_councilor }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_veteran_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = leader_trait_maniacal }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_maniacal_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_veteran = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_scientist_leader_trait_maniacal_3_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_maniacal_3 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_scientist_leader_trait_maniacal_3
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_maniacal_3 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_veteran = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_science_communicator_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_scientist_leader_trait_science_communicator_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_science_communicator_3 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_scientist_leader_trait_science_communicator_3
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_requires_ruler_subclass_or_focus_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = subclass_scientist_councilor }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_veteran_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = leader_trait_science_communicator }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_science_communicator_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_veteran = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_scientist_leader_trait_science_communicator_3_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_science_communicator_3 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_scientist_leader_trait_science_communicator_3
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_science_communicator_3 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_veteran = yes
        }
    }
}


#trait_ruler_expansionist_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_scientist_trait_ruler_expansionist_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = trait_ruler_expansionist_3 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_scientist_trait_ruler_expansionist_3
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_requires_ruler_subclass_or_focus_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = subclass_scientist_councilor }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_veteran_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = trait_ruler_expansionist }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = scientist ID = trait_ruler_expansionist_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_veteran = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_scientist_trait_ruler_expansionist_3_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = trait_ruler_expansionist_3 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_scientist_trait_ruler_expansionist_3
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = trait_ruler_expansionist_3 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_veteran = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_brilliant_shipwright #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_scientist_leader_trait_brilliant_shipwright_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_brilliant_shipwright } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_scientist_leader_trait_brilliant_shipwright
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_requires_ruler_subclass_or_focus_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = subclass_scientist_councilor }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_paragon = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_paragon = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_paragon_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_brilliant_shipwright }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_paragon = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_scientist_leader_trait_brilliant_shipwright_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_brilliant_shipwright }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_scientist_leader_trait_brilliant_shipwright
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_brilliant_shipwright }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_paragon = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_collective_wisdom #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_scientist_leader_trait_collective_wisdom_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_collective_wisdom } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_scientist_leader_trait_collective_wisdom
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_requires_ruler_subclass_or_focus_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = subclass_scientist_scholar }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_paragon = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_paragon = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_paragon_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_collective_wisdom }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_paragon = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_scientist_leader_trait_collective_wisdom_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_collective_wisdom }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_scientist_leader_trait_collective_wisdom
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_collective_wisdom }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_paragon = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_educator #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_scientist_leader_trait_educator_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_educator } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_scientist_leader_trait_educator
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_paragon = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_paragon = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_paragon_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_educator }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_paragon = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_scientist_leader_trait_educator_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_educator }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_scientist_leader_trait_educator
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_educator }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_paragon = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_great_researcher #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_scientist_leader_trait_great_researcher_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_great_researcher } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_scientist_leader_trait_great_researcher
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_requires_ruler_subclass_or_focus_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = subclass_scientist_councilor }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_paragon = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_paragon = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_paragon_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_great_researcher }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_paragon = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_scientist_leader_trait_great_researcher_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_great_researcher }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_scientist_leader_trait_great_researcher
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_great_researcher }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_paragon = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_knowledge_for_the_masses #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_scientist_leader_trait_knowledge_for_the_masses_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_knowledge_for_the_masses } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_scientist_leader_trait_knowledge_for_the_masses
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_requires_ruler_subclass_or_focus_trigger = { CLASS = scientist ID = subclass_scientist_councilor }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_paragon = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_paragon = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_paragon_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_knowledge_for_the_masses }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_paragon = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_scientist_leader_trait_knowledge_for_the_masses_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_knowledge_for_the_masses }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_scientist_leader_trait_knowledge_for_the_masses
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_knowledge_for_the_masses }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_paragon = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_master_bureaucrat #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_scientist_leader_trait_master_bureaucrat_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_master_bureaucrat } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_scientist_leader_trait_master_bureaucrat
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_paragon = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_paragon = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_paragon_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = scientist ID = leader_trait_master_bureaucrat }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_paragon = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_scientist_leader_trait_master_bureaucrat_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_master_bureaucrat }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_scientist_leader_trait_master_bureaucrat
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_master_bureaucrat }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_paragon = yes
        }
    }
}
