
######################################
# AUTOGENERATED on 2025-03-17 22:02:38.946288                #
######################################


#leader_trait_army_veteran_2 #common trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_army_veteran_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_army_veteran_2 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_official_leader_trait_army_veteran_2
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = leader_trait_army_veteran }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_army_veteran_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_common = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_army_veteran_2_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_army_veteran_2 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_official_leader_trait_army_veteran_2
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_army_veteran_2 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_common = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_politician_2 #common trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_politician_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_politician_2 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_official_leader_trait_politician_2
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = leader_trait_politician }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_politician_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_common = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_politician_2_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_politician_2 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_official_leader_trait_politician_2
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_politician_2 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_common = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_principled_2 #common trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_principled_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_principled_2 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_official_leader_trait_principled_2
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = leader_trait_principled }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_principled_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_common = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_principled_2_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_principled_2 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_official_leader_trait_principled_2
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_principled_2 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_common = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_retired_fleet_officer_2 #common trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_retired_fleet_officer_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_retired_fleet_officer_2 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_official_leader_trait_retired_fleet_officer_2
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = leader_trait_retired_fleet_officer }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_retired_fleet_officer_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_common = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_retired_fleet_officer_2_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_retired_fleet_officer_2 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_official_leader_trait_retired_fleet_officer_2
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_retired_fleet_officer_2 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_common = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_shipwright_2 #common trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_shipwright_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_shipwright_2 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_official_leader_trait_shipwright_2
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = leader_trait_shipwright }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_shipwright_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_common = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_shipwright_2_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_shipwright_2 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_official_leader_trait_shipwright_2
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_shipwright_2 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_common = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_spycraft_2 #common trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_spycraft_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_spycraft_2 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_official_leader_trait_spycraft_2
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = leader_trait_spycraft }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_spycraft_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_common = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_spycraft_2_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_spycraft_2 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_official_leader_trait_spycraft_2
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_spycraft_2 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_common = yes
        }
    }
}


#trait_ruler_champion_of_the_people_2 #common trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_trait_ruler_champion_of_the_people_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = trait_ruler_champion_of_the_people_2 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_official_trait_ruler_champion_of_the_people_2
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = trait_ruler_champion_of_the_people }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = official ID = trait_ruler_champion_of_the_people_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_common = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_trait_ruler_champion_of_the_people_2_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = trait_ruler_champion_of_the_people_2 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_official_trait_ruler_champion_of_the_people_2
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = trait_ruler_champion_of_the_people_2 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_common = yes
        }
    }
}


#trait_ruler_charismatic_2 #common trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_trait_ruler_charismatic_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = trait_ruler_charismatic_2 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_official_trait_ruler_charismatic_2
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = trait_ruler_charismatic }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = official ID = trait_ruler_charismatic_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_common = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_trait_ruler_charismatic_2_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = trait_ruler_charismatic_2 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_official_trait_ruler_charismatic_2
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = trait_ruler_charismatic_2 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_common = yes
        }
    }
}


#trait_ruler_feedback_loop_2 #common trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_trait_ruler_feedback_loop_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = trait_ruler_feedback_loop_2 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_official_trait_ruler_feedback_loop_2
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = trait_ruler_feedback_loop }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = official ID = trait_ruler_feedback_loop_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_common = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_trait_ruler_feedback_loop_2_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = trait_ruler_feedback_loop_2 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_official_trait_ruler_feedback_loop_2
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = trait_ruler_feedback_loop_2 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_common = yes
        }
    }
}


#trait_ruler_fertility_preacher_2 #common trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_trait_ruler_fertility_preacher_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = trait_ruler_fertility_preacher_2 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_official_trait_ruler_fertility_preacher_2
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = trait_ruler_fertility_preacher }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = official ID = trait_ruler_fertility_preacher_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_common = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_trait_ruler_fertility_preacher_2_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = trait_ruler_fertility_preacher_2 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_official_trait_ruler_fertility_preacher_2
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = trait_ruler_fertility_preacher_2 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_common = yes
        }
    }
}


#trait_ruler_frontier_spirit #common trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_trait_ruler_frontier_spirit_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = trait_ruler_frontier_spirit } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_official_trait_ruler_frontier_spirit
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = official ID = trait_ruler_frontier_spirit }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_common = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_trait_ruler_frontier_spirit_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = trait_ruler_frontier_spirit }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_official_trait_ruler_frontier_spirit
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = trait_ruler_frontier_spirit }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_common = yes
        }
    }
}


#trait_ruler_industrialist_2 #common trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_trait_ruler_industrialist_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = trait_ruler_industrialist_2 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_official_trait_ruler_industrialist_2
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = trait_ruler_industrialist }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = official ID = trait_ruler_industrialist_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_common = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_trait_ruler_industrialist_2_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = trait_ruler_industrialist_2 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_official_trait_ruler_industrialist_2
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = trait_ruler_industrialist_2 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_common = yes
        }
    }
}


#trait_ruler_logistic_understanding_2 #common trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_trait_ruler_logistic_understanding_2_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = trait_ruler_logistic_understanding_2 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_official_trait_ruler_logistic_understanding_2
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_common = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = trait_ruler_logistic_understanding }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = official ID = trait_ruler_logistic_understanding_2 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_common = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_trait_ruler_logistic_understanding_2_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = trait_ruler_logistic_understanding_2 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_official_trait_ruler_logistic_understanding_2
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = trait_ruler_logistic_understanding_2 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_common = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_ambassador_bully_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_ambassador_bully_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_ambassador_bully_3 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_official_leader_trait_ambassador_bully_3
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_requires_ruler_subclass_or_focus_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_diplomacy_councilor }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_veteran_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = leader_trait_ambassador_bully }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_ambassador_bully_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_veteran = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_ambassador_bully_3_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_ambassador_bully_3 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_official_leader_trait_ambassador_bully_3
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_ambassador_bully_3 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_veteran = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_ambassador_commercial_pact_focus_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_ambassador_commercial_pact_focus_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_ambassador_commercial_pact_focus_3 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_official_leader_trait_ambassador_commercial_pact_focus_3
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_requires_ruler_subclass_or_focus_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_diplomacy_councilor }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_veteran_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = leader_trait_ambassador_commercial_pact_focus }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_ambassador_commercial_pact_focus_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_veteran = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_ambassador_commercial_pact_focus_3_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_ambassador_commercial_pact_focus_3 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_official_leader_trait_ambassador_commercial_pact_focus_3
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_ambassador_commercial_pact_focus_3 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_veteran = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_ambassador_ear_to_the_ground_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_ambassador_ear_to_the_ground_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_ambassador_ear_to_the_ground_3 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_official_leader_trait_ambassador_ear_to_the_ground_3
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_requires_ruler_subclass_or_focus_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_diplomacy_councilor }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_veteran_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = leader_trait_ambassador_ear_to_the_ground }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_ambassador_ear_to_the_ground_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_veteran = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_ambassador_ear_to_the_ground_3_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_ambassador_ear_to_the_ground_3 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_official_leader_trait_ambassador_ear_to_the_ground_3
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_ambassador_ear_to_the_ground_3 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_veteran = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_ambassador_extra_envoys_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_ambassador_extra_envoys_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_ambassador_extra_envoys_3 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_official_leader_trait_ambassador_extra_envoys_3
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_requires_ruler_subclass_or_focus_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_diplomacy_councilor }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_veteran_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = leader_trait_ambassador_extra_envoys }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_ambassador_extra_envoys_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_veteran = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_ambassador_extra_envoys_3_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_ambassador_extra_envoys_3 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_official_leader_trait_ambassador_extra_envoys_3
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_ambassador_extra_envoys_3 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_veteran = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_ambassador_pact_keeper_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_ambassador_pact_keeper_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_ambassador_pact_keeper_3 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_official_leader_trait_ambassador_pact_keeper_3
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_requires_ruler_subclass_or_focus_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_diplomacy_councilor }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_veteran_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = leader_trait_ambassador_pact_keeper }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_ambassador_pact_keeper_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_veteran = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_ambassador_pact_keeper_3_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_ambassador_pact_keeper_3 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_official_leader_trait_ambassador_pact_keeper_3
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_ambassador_pact_keeper_3 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_veteran = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_ambassador_research_pact_focus_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_ambassador_research_pact_focus_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_ambassador_research_pact_focus_3 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_official_leader_trait_ambassador_research_pact_focus_3
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_requires_ruler_subclass_or_focus_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_diplomacy_councilor }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_veteran_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = leader_trait_ambassador_research_pact_focus }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_ambassador_research_pact_focus_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_veteran = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_ambassador_research_pact_focus_3_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_ambassador_research_pact_focus_3 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_official_leader_trait_ambassador_research_pact_focus_3
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_ambassador_research_pact_focus_3 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_veteran = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_ambassador_whisper_networks_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_ambassador_whisper_networks_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_ambassador_whisper_networks_3 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_official_leader_trait_ambassador_whisper_networks_3
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_requires_ruler_subclass_or_focus_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_diplomacy_councilor }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_veteran_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = leader_trait_ambassador_whisper_networks }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_ambassador_whisper_networks_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_veteran = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_ambassador_whisper_networks_3_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_ambassador_whisper_networks_3 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_official_leader_trait_ambassador_whisper_networks_3
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_ambassador_whisper_networks_3 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_veteran = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_cartographer_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_cartographer_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_cartographer_3 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_official_leader_trait_cartographer_3
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_requires_ruler_subclass_or_focus_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_economy_councilor }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_veteran_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = leader_trait_cartographer }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_cartographer_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_veteran = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_cartographer_3_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_cartographer_3 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_official_leader_trait_cartographer_3
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_cartographer_3 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_veteran = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_consul_general_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_consul_general_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_consul_general_3 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_official_leader_trait_consul_general_3
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_requires_ruler_subclass_or_focus_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_diplomacy_councilor }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_veteran_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = leader_trait_consul_general }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_consul_general_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_veteran = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_consul_general_3_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_consul_general_3 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_official_leader_trait_consul_general_3
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_consul_general_3 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_veteran = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_courtroom_training_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_courtroom_training_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_courtroom_training_3 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_official_leader_trait_courtroom_training_3
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_requires_ruler_subclass_or_focus_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_diplomacy_councilor }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_veteran_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = leader_trait_courtroom_training }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_courtroom_training_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_veteran = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_courtroom_training_3_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_courtroom_training_3 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_official_leader_trait_courtroom_training_3
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_courtroom_training_3 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_veteran = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_cultural_focus_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_cultural_focus_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_cultural_focus_3 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_official_leader_trait_cultural_focus_3
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_requires_ruler_subclass_or_focus_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_economy_councilor }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_veteran_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = leader_trait_cultural_focus }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_cultural_focus_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_veteran = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_cultural_focus_3_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_cultural_focus_3 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_official_leader_trait_cultural_focus_3
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_cultural_focus_3 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_veteran = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_expeditionist_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_expeditionist_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_expeditionist_3 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_official_leader_trait_expeditionist_3
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_requires_ruler_subclass_or_focus_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_economy_councilor }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_veteran_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = leader_trait_expeditionist }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_expeditionist_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_veteran = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_expeditionist_3_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_expeditionist_3 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_official_leader_trait_expeditionist_3
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_expeditionist_3 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_veteran = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_frontier_spirit_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_frontier_spirit_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_frontier_spirit_3 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_official_leader_trait_frontier_spirit_3
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_requires_ruler_subclass_or_focus_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_economy_councilor }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_veteran_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = leader_trait_frontier_spirit }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_frontier_spirit_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_veteran = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_frontier_spirit_3_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_frontier_spirit_3 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_official_leader_trait_frontier_spirit_3
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_frontier_spirit_3 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_veteran = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_overseer_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_overseer_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_overseer_3 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_official_leader_trait_overseer_3
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_requires_ruler_subclass_or_focus_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_diplomacy_councilor }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_veteran_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = leader_trait_overseer }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_overseer_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_veteran = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_overseer_3_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_overseer_3 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_official_leader_trait_overseer_3
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_overseer_3 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_veteran = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_reformer_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_reformer_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_reformer_3 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_official_leader_trait_reformer_3
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_requires_ruler_subclass_or_focus_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_economy_councilor }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_veteran_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = leader_trait_reformer }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_reformer_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_veteran = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_reformer_3_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_reformer_3 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_official_leader_trait_reformer_3
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_reformer_3 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_veteran = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_shadow_broker_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_shadow_broker_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_shadow_broker_3 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_official_leader_trait_shadow_broker_3
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_requires_ruler_subclass_or_focus_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_diplomacy_councilor }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_veteran_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = leader_trait_shadow_broker }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_shadow_broker_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_veteran = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_shadow_broker_3_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_shadow_broker_3 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_official_leader_trait_shadow_broker_3
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_shadow_broker_3 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_veteran = yes
        }
    }
}


#trait_ruler_architectural_sense_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_trait_ruler_architectural_sense_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = trait_ruler_architectural_sense_3 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_official_trait_ruler_architectural_sense_3
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_requires_ruler_subclass_or_focus_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_economy_councilor }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_veteran_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = trait_ruler_architectural_sense }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = official ID = trait_ruler_architectural_sense_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_veteran = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_trait_ruler_architectural_sense_3_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = trait_ruler_architectural_sense_3 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_official_trait_ruler_architectural_sense_3
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = trait_ruler_architectural_sense_3 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_veteran = yes
        }
    }
}


#trait_ruler_deep_connections_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_trait_ruler_deep_connections_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = trait_ruler_deep_connections_3 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_official_trait_ruler_deep_connections_3
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_requires_ruler_subclass_or_focus_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_diplomacy_councilor }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_veteran_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = trait_ruler_deep_connections }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = official ID = trait_ruler_deep_connections_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_veteran = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_trait_ruler_deep_connections_3_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = trait_ruler_deep_connections_3 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_official_trait_ruler_deep_connections_3
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = trait_ruler_deep_connections_3 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_veteran = yes
        }
    }
}


#trait_ruler_investor_3 #veteran trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_trait_ruler_investor_3_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = trait_ruler_investor_3 } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_official_trait_ruler_investor_3
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_requires_ruler_subclass_or_focus_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_economy_councilor }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_veteran = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_veteran_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_remove_tier_1_or_2_traits_effect = { ID = trait_ruler_investor }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = official ID = trait_ruler_investor_3 }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_veteran = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_trait_ruler_investor_3_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = trait_ruler_investor_3 }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_official_trait_ruler_investor_3
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = trait_ruler_investor_3 }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_veteran = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_educator #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_educator_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_educator } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_official_leader_trait_educator
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_paragon = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_paragon = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_paragon_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_educator }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_paragon = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_educator_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_educator }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_official_leader_trait_educator
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_educator }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_paragon = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_master_bureaucrat #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_master_bureaucrat_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_master_bureaucrat } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_official_leader_trait_master_bureaucrat
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_paragon = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_paragon = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_paragon_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_master_bureaucrat }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_paragon = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_master_bureaucrat_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_master_bureaucrat }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_official_leader_trait_master_bureaucrat
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_master_bureaucrat }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_paragon = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_master_diplomat #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_master_diplomat_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_master_diplomat } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_official_leader_trait_master_diplomat
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_requires_ruler_subclass_or_focus_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_diplomacy_councilor }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_paragon = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_paragon = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_paragon_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_master_diplomat }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_paragon = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_master_diplomat_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_master_diplomat }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_official_leader_trait_master_diplomat
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_master_diplomat }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_paragon = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_peacekeeper #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_peacekeeper_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_peacekeeper } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_official_leader_trait_peacekeeper
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_requires_ruler_subclass_or_focus_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_economy_councilor }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_paragon = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_paragon = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_paragon_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_peacekeeper }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_paragon = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_peacekeeper_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_peacekeeper }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_official_leader_trait_peacekeeper
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_peacekeeper }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_paragon = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_spymaster #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_spymaster_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_spymaster } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_official_leader_trait_spymaster
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_requires_ruler_subclass_or_focus_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_diplomacy_councilor }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_paragon = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_paragon = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_paragon_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_spymaster }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_paragon = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_spymaster_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_spymaster }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_official_leader_trait_spymaster
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_spymaster }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_paragon = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_supreme_organizer #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_supreme_organizer_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_supreme_organizer } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_official_leader_trait_supreme_organizer
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_requires_ruler_subclass_or_focus_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_economy_councilor }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_paragon = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_paragon = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_paragon_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_supreme_organizer }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_paragon = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_supreme_organizer_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_supreme_organizer }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_official_leader_trait_supreme_organizer
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_supreme_organizer }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_paragon = yes
        }
    }
}


#leader_trait_totalitarian #destiny trait
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_totalitarian_add_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { NOT = { has_trait = leader_trait_totalitarian } }
    }
    allow = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_add_official_leader_trait_totalitarian
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_requires_ruler_subclass_or_focus_trigger = { CLASS = official ID = subclass_official_diplomacy_councilor }
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_resources_cost_paragon = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_points_cost_paragon = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_trait_skill_level_paragon_trigger = yes
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_check_trait_picks = yes
    }
    effect = {
        xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_change_class_add_trait = { CLASS = official ID = leader_trait_totalitarian }
        hidden_effect = { xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_deduct_cost_points_picks_paragon = yes }
    }
}
xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_traits_official_leader_trait_totalitarian_remove_button_effect = {
    potential = {
        ruler = { has_trait = leader_trait_totalitarian }
    }
    allow = { always = yes }
    effect = {
        custom_tooltip = xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_tooltip_remove_official_leader_trait_totalitarian
        hidden_effect = {
            ruler = { remove_trait = leader_trait_totalitarian }
            xvcv_mdlc_core_modifying_refund_trait_points_picks_paragon = yes
        }
    }
}
